// E-Commerce application with Golang

Need to build a web app which can facilitate the buy, sale new & used/old p
roducts in certain range.Where seller can post products and advertise it for sale and buyer can search and view product as per choice and buy it online . 
Application should provide features to talk to buyer with seller directly without mediator and 
buy the products by paying the price.Payment system will collect the money of the product and certain % of the final product price will be hold for platform and rest will be release to seller . 
The communications of every process will be notified through sms and email notification



Use Cases
1. User Can Buy Product online
2. User can become seller
3. Seller can manage products and orders
4. Seller Can collect payment & View Transactions



Seller ---------------> Platform <----------------- Buyer

System Design 
    1. Functional Requirements
        a. Users
            i. User signup/login 
            ii. User verification with sms / otp
            iii. User can become seller and Buyer
        b. Catalog
            i. Product Listing
            ii. Manage Products (create/update/delete products)
            iii. Stock Management
        c. Payment
            i. Buyer can purchase product online payment(card/ bankling / upi)
        d. Notifications
            i. Email and SMS
    2. Non - Functional Requirements
        a. System Should be highly available in cloud with multiple region because this is C2C portal
        b. System should maintain best practices to able to scale horizontally
        c. System should design the way it can be broken down to microservices 
        d. Loosely coupled services and communications
        e. It should have mechanism for logging and monitoring to inspect services health and availibilty
        f. System should design with documentation for better scope of usability to understand the architecture and business logic of the Api usage
        g. Should Follow CQRS.

